To make an informed decision on which methodology would best suit this project – Agile or Waterfall – we must first outline the two and distinguish their differences.
The Waterfall methodology is seen as a traditional approach and is sequential. The SDLC is broken up into distinct phases and each phase can only proceed if the previous phase has been completed. Commonly, the process is divided as such: Requirements Gathering, System Design, Implementation, System Testing, Deployment, and Maintenance. (J. M. Delos Santos, 2020)
The Agile methodology also breaks the process into phases, but these are smaller in scope than those of the Waterfall method, and it is an iterative process – meaning these small phases (called sprints) are repeated, with more of a focus on stakeholder collaboration and continuous improvement at every stage. (wrike.com, 2021) Rather than the linear/sequential approach of Waterfall, Agile is more incremental and iterative. 

In relation to the proposed website for ‘Global Holiday Homes’, it is my opinion that an Agile SDLC methodology would be best suited. 

The main, and most important, reason for coming to this decision is the organization’s need for a timely deployment of a working product. “…a number of other competitors may be rolling out a similar site over the coming year and is very anxious to get the site up and running as soon as possible.”
This, to me, is an important aspect of this brief. There is a window of opportunity available to them now, which needs to be utilized for maximum benefit. Any delays in deployment will be detrimental to the success of the website. This, in my opinion, can be the Waterfall method’s biggest disadvantage. Because of its rigid structure and design plan, changes can be very difficult to implement. If, at the system design phase, flaws are noticed in the requirements gathered, that would lead to the Requirement Phase being extended to go back and refine the requirements themselves. This, in turn, would push the Design Phase back and so on until, either the testing phase is cut short and perhaps not tested fully, or deployment is late. (D, Stewart. 2017)
Agile is designed to accommodate changing requirements by being more customer focused and collaborative. The sprints are designed to be short with a deliverable and testing done at the end of each sprint. (wrike.com, 2021) 
This allows the team to set out what can be achieved and delivered at the shortest amount of time possible. For example, in this instance, the first sprint could focus on getting the bones of the website up and running so that the company can start advertising it; even just a placeholder website that displays information on what the website will do. As the sprints progress, more functional features can be added. This allows the website to be deployed gradually, ahead of its competitors. 
Another reason for picking Agile over Waterfall would be the scope of the project. Because this is a website, it would not be considered too large in its scope. With Waterfall, there can be, and usually is, large amounts of documentation needed to control the project. (A. Hunt, 2018) 
I feel this extent of documentation and pre-planning will be unnecessary and/or too time consuming.
